Scholar brother
Does it hurt?
Ye Linghan, what bag have you been smoking for how long?
It has been two years, and the scholar brother said
He only loves me
Say it, you're going to divorce him
Why look at his face?
Why? Why?
Married for 3 years
Don't even touch it
Do you think you're gold-trimmed?
Ah!
Fanglin is ten thousand times stronger than you
As soon as the photography of the black gold group is over tomorrow
I will learn from Fang Lin
Then what is our three-year relationship in your eyes?
Even if you keep a dog for three years, you can still have feelings
But I want you to understand
As my wealth and status continued to grow
We are not destined to belong to the same world
If you really love me
Then you fulfill me
Only Fang Ling
That's my good boy
And you're just a burden to me
Did you know that everything you have today is from me?
Ye Linghan, are you alright?
Are you broken by me?
The whole crowd who doesn't know my story
Take advantage of everything I have today, I have worked hard one step at a time
How many aristocratic families in Qinzhou want to enter the black gold group?
Who can do that?
Only I, Gu Shichen
Certainly.
The price also helped me a lot
Like this high-end built by a fairy
He doesn't need a pheasant
That's Phoenix.
Pheasant is also good
Phoenix
He can betray me today for the sake of his future
Don't betray